Dear Little Sweetheart,

The frisk has struck me tonight, so here goes for a note. Perhaps I may amuse you for a few minutes tomorrow.

I have just come in from a trip to the Orpheus by my “lonesome.” The movie expresses my feelings to a T. My it feels strange to be so near — and yet you might as well be 1,000 miles away tonight. I kind of hope against hope that when I turn a corner it may be to run into you. Do I sound foolish? you ask. Isn’t that what I used to say in my letters of last year? Well, I’m there tonight, whether foolish or otherwise.

What have you been doing today? I supposed the same old studying, I hope you practised hard for you just have to come out away up in your exams or you needn’t tell me how you get along at all.

One chap has just come in the room feeling a little better than good if you know what that means and is trying to get into bed. It is just the sort of thing to make one think and wonder how men came make such fools of themselves … I guess it is up to me to go over and take his clothes off now.

How strange it is. I have to contrast it with my own case. I have had a, well, I can almost say enjoyable evening at the show, had an ice cream on the way up — the whole thing costing me about 25 cents — and now I am happy writing to you. And the morrow, what of it? In all likelihood a grand day and I trust ending up with my little sweetheart and a kiss that I can feel now. Have I not much to be thankful for? Am I not lucky? And should not my life show this good fortune (if I may call it so) in many ways? There are some questions for you to help me in solving. I often ponder over them and can only see one course ahead.

Well, well, Helen, where am I taking you? Away off into philosophy, I suppose you will call it. I venture to call it Life. The grand, the noble, the fascinating problem of living. Sometimes, you know, I think that I could be happy, yes truly happy, away off far from the bother of human uproar, hidden away in some place of grandeur alone with you.

You have pictured it to me and I can see it, but, no dearie, that would not be true happiness. I’m sure we would both tire of it in a very short while. It would be gorgeous and lovely for a time, but I think there would be a longing for a something that was not there. I like sometimes to think of a different scene, perhaps two pictures: the first of a room filled with books and all the necessities of a library and you and I reading together Alice in Wonderland. We are both tired, for it is after a strenuous day, and oh how we are enjoying it and are happy as happy can be.

Now honey, I’ve written in a very peculiar sheen, but it is so long since I have written you and so much has happened since my last letter that I forget what you like me to say, what you want me to say and what I want to say myself.

One thing, I do remember you want me to put down in cold blue ink and even in blood, so I’ll try not to tease but feel the truth and say that I love you still.

Your Reg

Ps. Lights go out soon so I have no time for more. Will call you up tomorrow. R.