My Dearest, Sweetest Little Girlie,

Here we all are just about the same as yesterday, lying around on the deck. There is a little more of a swell running now than there has been yet and most of us are feeling a trifle light-headed but have not been actually sick.

Oh you dear, dear little treasure. I just could not help crying as I read what you had written and the tears rolled down my cheeks as I thanked God for having given me such a little treasure as you are. Dearest if I should lose you I dare not think what I should do for I love you so much and want you with all my heart and soul just for myself. I could be happy anywhere with my “Little Girl.”

It seems that at the base of love is the union of sexes … but I differ. Others (I know some) marry simply because it is the lawful and prescribed way of indulging in the passions which by nature are in us all. But no. I claim that happiness is not found by such. Love is higher. Why cannot a wife be a man’s best friend? Why not his confidante? Why cannot the two by [combining] energies … make their lives count for more than either could simply?

And dearest, how much you have helped me so far. I used to think that perhaps it was not the right thing for me to “fall in love” when there was so much ahead of me. But as time went on, and I knew you better, those feelings gradually left me. You grew more and more into the woman I had imagined, more and more I watched your faith and admired your goodness for I can find no other word to express it; you had emerged in a simplicity and a purity, which was hard for me to realize.

You had nothing to fear from the future because of past follies — while I had a fight and a struggle ahead against ideas and thoughts and follies formed and committed in earlier times.

Why all this? Well it was no temptation to you to have me holding you in my arms; you were innocent, you cured me with a pure and unsullied love. To have me with you was satisfying in itself.

But with me, who had had the fire of my passions aroused by girls who I cannot think of in the same thought as you, I do know that men under similar circumstances have fallen and I thank god that I had the power to check myself. I never in my life was so tempted and never came so near falling. I think it was because I love you that it was so and again because I loved you so much that I can still feel that there is more in love than many think.

It has taken me some time to pen all this; I could not talk to you in the same way. You know it is hard to speak on such a subject. But you have made it easier for me and I trust that we both understand and I’m sure that we have been drawn quite a little closer together because of such confidences. Why these things are seemingly banned from discussion I cannot understand, but it seems they generally are, except [in] the most intimate friendship etc. etc.

Now dearest, I think I will have to leave this for a while. Oh! I do pray that we will both be proud to be united again in health and strength and to work along our journey together.